Janilton15.mdx, before:

---
title: "Post for the Janilton15"
date: "2023-08-03"
tags: ["next.js", "nextjs", "stuff"]
coverImage: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/joaoarthurbandeira/DocmaBlogPosts/main/images/house.jpeg"
lastModified: "2024-02-20"
---

<Video id="6h649f2fB9Q" />

# Hello! My World!

Janilton15
We recommend using **Static Generation** (with and without data) whenever possible because your page can be built once and served by CDN, which makes it much faster than having a server render the page on every request.

```ts
const sum = (num1: number, num2: number): number => {
  return num1 + num2;
};

console.log(sum(4, 8)); //12
```

You can use Static Generation for many types of pages, including:

- Marketing pages
- Blog posts
- E-commerce product listings
- Help and documentation

You should ask yourself: "Can I pre-render this page **ahead** of a user's request?" If the answer is yes, then you should choose Static Generation.

On the other hand, Static Generation is **not** a good idea if you cannot pre-render a page ahead of a user's request. Maybe your page shows frequently updated data, and the page content changes on every request.

In that case, you can use **Server-Side Rendering**. It will be slower, but the pre-rendered page will always be up-to-date. Or you can skip pre-rendering and use client-side JavaScript to populate data.

Commit message:

added subtitle in the metadata for each blog post

Janilton15.mdx, after:

---
title: "Post for the Janilton15"
subtitle: "Learn the best practices for building responsive websites that work
  on any device."
date: "2023-08-03"
tags: ["next.js", "nextjs", "stuff"]
coverImage: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/joaoarthurbandeira/DocmaBlogPosts/main/images/house.jpeg"
lastModified: "2024-02-20"
---

<Video id="6h649f2fB9Q" />

# Hello! My World!

Janilton15
We recommend using **Static Generation** (with and without data) whenever possible because your page can be built once and served by CDN, which makes it much faster than having a server render the page on every request.

```ts
const sum = (num1: number, num2: number): number => {
  return num1 + num2;
};

console.log(sum(4, 8)); //12
```

You can use Static Generation for many types of pages, including:

- Marketing pages
- Blog posts
- E-commerce product listings
- Help and documentation

You should ask yourself: "Can I pre-render this page **ahead** of a user's request?" If the answer is yes, then you should choose Static Generation.

On the other hand, Static Generation is **not** a good idea if you cannot pre-render a page ahead of a user's request. Maybe your page shows frequently updated data, and the page content changes on every request.

In that case, you can use **Server-Side Rendering**. It will be slower, but the pre-rendered page will always be up-to-date. Or you can skip pre-rendering and use client-side JavaScript to populate data.
